docs(insights): document frontend session health tab (#13340)
getsentry/sentry-docs: includes/insights-session-health-body.mdx

The charts help you understand trends for crashes and sessions on a per-project level, and the customized chart views and toggleable legends allow you to drill down into the metrics you care about most.

![Insights Frontend Session Health Tab](./common-imgs/img/frontend-insights-session-health.png)

## Prerequisites

You must have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.

## Charts

The overall chart view can be customized, so that you can display the visualizations you care about most. Simply click the toggle near the chart title to see other charts that can be displayed.

![Chart toggle](./common-imgs/img/frontend-insights-chart-toggle.png)

The chart view will be saved into local storage, so when you come back to the page, the chart view you customized before will still be displayed.

For the Frontend module, the following charts are available:

> - [Error Free Sessions](/product/releases/health/#errored)

Author: need to update this text now that it's errored sessions

- [Session Health](/product/releases/health/#session-status)

> - [Session Counts](/product/releases/health/#session)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Session Counts](/product/releases/health/#session-status)
```

<Include name="feature-available-for-user-group-early-adopter.mdx" />

> If you have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled on Sentry, you can take full advantage of the Session Health tab on Insights. The Session Health tab contains a variety of data visualizations to help you learn insights about how your sessions are performing. [Learn more about how sessions are defined](/product/releases/health/#sessions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled on Sentry, you can take full advantage of the Session Health tab on Insights. The Session Health tab contains a variety of data visualizations to help you discover insights about how your sessions are performing. [Learn more about how sessions are defined](/product/releases/health/#sessions).
```

> If you have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled on Sentry, you can take full advantage of the Session Health tab on Insights. The Session Health tab contains a variety of data visualizations to help you discover insights about how your sessions are performing. [Learn more about how sessions are defined](/product/releases/health/#sessions).

Reviewer 3: We require both, right? At least session tracking requires a release to be set.

```suggestion
If you have [sessions and releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled on Sentry, you can take full advantage of the Session Health tab on Insights. The Session Health tab contains a variety of data visualizations to help you discover insights about how your sessions are performing. [Learn more about how sessions are defined](/product/releases/health/#sessions).
```

Reviewer 4: +1 to this change throughout

Author: tbh i assumed they were both the same, just different words🤔  but i can make this change

> If you have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled on Sentry, you can take full advantage of the Session Health tab on Insights. The Session Health tab contains a variety of data visualizations to help you discover insights about how your sessions are performing. [Learn more about how sessions are defined](/product/releases/health/#sessions).

Reviewer 4: Instead of directing the users to another page to learn how a session is defined, we should mention directly the case that is most plausible for 'frontend sessions':

> A session on most web applications is created for every page load and on every navigation change. Read more [here](/product/releases/health/#sessions).

Author: this section reused between both the frontend & mobile docs, but i think that definition could apply to both

> The charts help you understand trends for crashes and sessions on a per-project level, and the customized chart views and toggleable legends allow you to drill down into the metrics you care about most.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The charts help you understand trends for your sessions over time, and the customized chart views and toggleable legends allow you to drill down into the metrics you care about most.
```

## Prerequisites

> You must have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must have sessions or releases enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.
```

Author: why remove the link?

> You must have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.

Reviewer 3: We eventually will add a landing page for backend/other, right?

Worth noting the SDK coverage there isn't as wide (all Web/Mobile SDKs have sessions but not all other types of SDKs do). 

```suggestion
You must have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is currently available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.
```

Reviewer 4: ^ I'm not sure we will be for Session Health - adding a dedicated Session Health tab for BE

Author: yep - backend session insights is not in the plan right now i believe

> You must have [sessions or releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You must have [sessions and releases](/product/releases/setup/) enabled in order to view these insights. Session Health on Insights is available only for the Frontend and Mobile modules.
```
